chore(clerk-js): Remove experimental references to passkeys (#3233)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/tiny-taxis-scream.md

---
'@clerk/localizations': minor
'@clerk/clerk-js': minor
'@clerk/types': minor
---

> Remove any public api that is marked as experimental or has the `__experimental_` prefix that is related to passkeys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove experimental Passkeys APIs. This includes any API that is marked as experimental or has the `__experimental_` prefix.

This prepares the Passkeys release to move further along towards a beta release and eventual stable release.
```
